README.md, before:

# 👋 Hi there! I'm Monika

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Poppins&weight=600&size=24&duration=2500&pause=800&color=0969DA&width=700&lines=Full+Stack+Developer;Frontend+Developer+%7C+React+%26+TypeScript;AWS+Certified+Cloud+Practitioner;SaaS+Application+Developer;FastAPI+%7C+AWS+%7C+Cloud+Developer" />
</p>

🚀 Full Stack Developer with hands-on experience building scalable SaaS applications using React, TypeScript, FastAPI, and AWS.  
☁️ AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner with expertise in authentication, payment integration, and cloud-native systems.  

---

# 🌟 About Me

💼 Software Developer working on real-world production SaaS platforms:

- 🔵 Full Stack Developer — HyrSense  
- 🟣 Frontend Developer — SkillfulSense  
- 🟢 Frontend Developer — HRSuit  

🎓 B.E (Hons) Computer Science and Engineering  
📍 Chennai, India  

I specialize in building secure, scalable applications across frontend, backend, and cloud layers. My focus is on modern frontend architecture, secure authentication, and scalable AWS deployments.

---

# 🧠 Tech Stack

## 💻 Programming
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript)

## 🎨 Frontend
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-06B6D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwindcss)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3)

## ⚙️ Backend & APIs
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi)
![REST API](https://img.shields.io/badge/REST%20API-000000?style=for-the-badge)

## ☁️ Cloud & Infrastructure
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws)
![AWS Lambda](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS%20Lambda-FF9900?style=for-the-badge)
![AWS S3](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS%20S3-569A31?style=for-the-badge)
![AWS Cognito](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS%20Cognito-DD344C?style=for-the-badge)
![API Gateway](https://img.shields.io/badge/API%20Gateway-FF4F8B?style=for-the-badge)

## 🔐 Authentication & Payments
![AWS Cognito](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS%20Cognito-DD344C?style=for-the-badge)
![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-000000?style=for-the-badge)
![Razorpay](https://img.shields.io/badge/Razorpay-02042B?style=for-the-badge)
![Stripe](https://img.shields.io/badge/Stripe-635BFF?style=for-the-badge)

## 🛠 Tools
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge)

---

# 🚀 Featured Projects

## 🔵 HyrSense — AI Recruitment Platform  
**Role: Full Stack Developer**

- Developed frontend using React.js and TypeScript  
- Built backend APIs using FastAPI  
- Implemented authentication using AWS Cognito  
- Integrated AWS cloud services  
- Delivered complete end-to-end SaaS features  

---

## 🟣 SkillfulSense — AI Skill Assessment Platform  
**Role: Frontend Developer**

- Built responsive frontend using React.js and TypeScript  
- Developed authentication, dashboards, and UI workflows  
- Integrated Razorpay and Stripe payment gateways  
- Connected frontend with backend APIs  

---

## 🟢 HRSuit — HR Management Platform  
**Role: Frontend Developer**

- Built frontend using React.js and TypeScript  
- Developed dashboards and secure UI components  
- Integrated REST APIs  

---

# 🏆 Certifications

- AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner — Amazon Web Services (2026–2029)  
- Azure AI Fundamentals — Microsoft  
- Cloud Computing — NPTEL  
- Agile Project Management — HP LIFE  
- AI Foundations and Prompt Engineering — Naan Mudhalvan  
- AI Tools Workshop — Be10x  
- GitHub Portfolio Certification — GUVI  
- Python Machine Learning Certification — Udemy  

---

# 📚 Professional Training

- Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) — 15 hours  
- Agile Fundamentals and Scrum — 4.5 hours  
- Complete AI Engineer Training — 29.5 hours  
- Generative AI App Development — 5.5 hours  
- AWS Cloud Practitioner Training — 22.5 hours  

---

# 📈 Professional Goals

- Build scalable SaaS platforms  
- Become advanced Full Stack Software Engineer  
- Deepen AWS cloud expertise  
- Contribute to production-level applications  

---

# 🌐 Connect With Me

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Monika-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/monika-p-30b32a22a/)

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Monikaips-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/Monikaips)

---

Commit message:

Revise README to reflect updated skills and experience
Updated personal and professional information, highlighting experience with AI-assisted development tools and specific skills in frontend and backend technologies.

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hi there! I'm Monika

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Poppins&weight=600&size=24&duration=2500&pause=800&color=0969DA&width=700&lines=Full+Stack+Developer;Frontend+Developer+%7C+React+%26+TypeScript;AWS+Certified+Cloud+Practitioner;SaaS+Application+Developer;FastAPI+%7C+AWS+%7C+Cloud+Developer" />
</p>

🚀 Full Stack Developer with hands-on experience building scalable SaaS applications using React, TypeScript, FastAPI, and AWS.  
☁️ AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner with expertise in authentication, payment integration, and cloud-native systems.  

---

# 🌟 About Me

Full Stack Developer with hands-on experience building scalable SaaS applications using React.js, TypeScript, FastAPI, and AWS.

I specialize in developing production-ready systems involving secure authentication (AWS Cognito), payment integrations (Razorpay and Stripe), and cloud-native infrastructure using S3, Lambda, and API Gateway.

At BAPON Technologies, I contribute to real-world AI-powered SaaS platforms by designing responsive frontend interfaces, developing backend APIs, and integrating secure, scalable cloud services. My work focuses on performance optimization, seamless user experience, and reliable end-to-end feature delivery.

I actively leverage modern AI-assisted development tools such as ChatGPT, GitHub Copilot, Cursor, Claude, Qoder and other AI coding assistants to accelerate development, improve code quality, streamline debugging, and enhance overall engineering productivity while maintaining production standards.

Key strengths:
• Frontend development with React.js and TypeScript
• Backend API development using FastAPI
• Cloud architecture and deployment with AWS
• Authentication and secure user management (AWS Cognito)
• Payment gateway integration and end-to-end SaaS workflows
• AI-assisted development for faster and efficient delivery

AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner with a strong interest in frontend architecture, scalable system design, and cloud-native application development.

---

# 🧠 Tech Stack

## 💻 Programming
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript)

## 🎨 Frontend
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-06B6D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwindcss)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3)

## ⚙️ Backend & APIs
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi)
![REST API](https://img.shields.io/badge/REST%20API-000000?style=for-the-badge)

## ☁️ Cloud & Infrastructure
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws)
![AWS Lambda](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS%20Lambda-FF9900?style=for-the-badge)
![AWS S3](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS%20S3-569A31?style=for-the-badge)
![AWS Cognito](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS%20Cognito-DD344C?style=for-the-badge)
![API Gateway](https://img.shields.io/badge/API%20Gateway-FF4F8B?style=for-the-badge)

## 🔐 Authentication & Payments
![AWS Cognito](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS%20Cognito-DD344C?style=for-the-badge)
![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-000000?style=for-the-badge)
![Razorpay](https://img.shields.io/badge/Razorpay-02042B?style=for-the-badge)
![Stripe](https://img.shields.io/badge/Stripe-635BFF?style=for-the-badge)

## 🛠 Tools
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge)

---

# 🚀 Featured Projects

## 🔵 HyrSense — AI Recruitment Platform  
**Role: Full Stack Developer**

- Developed frontend using React.js and TypeScript  
- Built backend APIs using FastAPI  
- Implemented authentication using AWS Cognito  
- Integrated AWS cloud services  
- Delivered complete end-to-end SaaS features  

---

## 🟣 SkillfulSense — AI Skill Assessment Platform  
**Role: Frontend Developer**

- Built responsive frontend using React.js and TypeScript  
- Developed authentication, dashboards, and UI workflows  
- Integrated Razorpay and Stripe payment gateways  
- Connected frontend with backend APIs  

---

## 🟢 HRSuit — HR Management Platform  
**Role: Frontend Developer**

- Built frontend using React.js and TypeScript  
- Developed dashboards and secure UI components  
- Integrated REST APIs  

---

# 🏆 Certifications

- AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner — Amazon Web Services (2026–2029)  
- Azure AI Fundamentals — Microsoft  
- Cloud Computing — NPTEL  
- Agile Project Management — HP LIFE  
- AI Foundations and Prompt Engineering — Naan Mudhalvan  
- AI Tools Workshop — Be10x  
- GitHub Portfolio Certification — GUVI  
- Python Machine Learning Certification — Udemy  

---

# 📚 Professional Training

- Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) — 15 hours  
- Agile Fundamentals and Scrum — 4.5 hours  
- Complete AI Engineer Training — 29.5 hours  
- Generative AI App Development — 5.5 hours  
- AWS Cloud Practitioner Training — 22.5 hours  

---

# 📈 Professional Goals

- Build scalable SaaS platforms  
- Become advanced Full Stack Software Engineer  
- Deepen AWS cloud expertise  
- Contribute to production-level applications  

---

# 🌐 Connect With Me

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Monika-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/monika-p-30b32a22a/)

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Monikaips-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/Monikaips)

---
